docs: add download/images table to release corpus template (#1424)
falcosecurity/falco: RELEASE.md

Changes and new features are grouped in [milestones](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/milestones), the milestone with the next version represents what is going to be released.

> Releases happen on a bi-monthly cadence ([as per community discussion](https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/blob/master/meeting-notes/2020-09-30.md#agenda)), and we need to assign owners for each (usually we pair a new person with an experienced one). Assignees and the due date are proposed during the [weekly community call](https://github.com/falcosecurity/community). Note that hotfix releases can happen as soon as it is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A release happens every two months ([as per community discussion](https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/blob/master/meeting-notes/2020-09-30.md#agenda)), and we need to assign owners for each (usually we pair a new person with an experienced one). Assignees and the due date are proposed during the [weekly community call](https://github.com/falcosecurity/community). Note that hotfix releases can happen as soon as it is needed.
```
